hey guys what is up it is startled 245
here and I'm bringing you some MX vs atv
alive and this is on the map imax
battlegrounds which is the shirt the
third short track and this is the final
short track that is available at this
time me to make a video up but what I've
wanted to talk about is the new patch
that came out for ps3 because I had a
few or someone requested that I talk
about this because they didn't know what
it was for and to be honest I had no
idea either so I've been looking into it
and THQ did not release any information
about it and so I started playing game a
little bit and trying to see if I would
notice anything different and tell you
the truth it's all the same I mean the
bike ride the same do the rider gestures
are all the same and like his movement
didn't change the bikes I'll handle the
same the only difference was the DLCs
now on ps3 they're having some trouble
this whole Stewart compound thing if you
use the Moto club pro access code and so
I'm assuming it had a little bit of the
patch had to do with that trying to get
that fixed and also i'm assuming some of
it was to make available the or to
include the new bikes and stuff that
were just released two days ago because
they actually have to have them built
into the game and then when you buy them
all it does is activates them in your
game because if I'm sure you guys have
noticed when you go to buy stuff from
the modal Club depot it's only 100 kb
download which is tiny whereas these
packed like the patch yesterday was like
four hundred and fifty megabytes
that's huge so for sure I know it wasn't
just the DLC that was released two days
ago I don't know if this is true but
this is my best guess I'm assuming that
it has something to do with Supercross
I'm guessing that they have finished the
Supercross or come very close it's about
ready and so that was a download to
include that in the game and then when
they decide when they're going to
release it then it'll just don't make it
so it just shows up in the store and
it's another 100 kb download to activate
it and so i'm assuming it was the
Supercross Adam that's what I'm hoping
anyways I would be nice if not then I I
really don't know I mean that's pretty
big and for the last big patch they made
they actually released information about
what it did and you could notice like I
noticed at the last patch like the bike
gyro effect and everything brake and gas
gyros it actually made a difference in
riding and this there's no difference so
that's about all the information I have
I mean like the whole supergross thing
that's not confirmed or anything that's
just me you know throwing ideas out
there that's what I believe it's for
they probably finished the Supercross
and that's going to be a big that is a
big part of the game I mean ding throw
something like that in there and so that
would need a big patch and so I'm
thinking that's what it was for that way
when they actually release it it'll just
be a 100 kb activation download thing
and you'll be all set so
that's all I can tell you guys for now
with the information i have so i hope
you enjoyed that please rate comment
subscribe and i hope you guys have a
good one